Qín Ruò Yǔ
What the hell do you want?
I’m already this pathetic
Can’t you let me go?
Pathetic?
Back then, you used every trick
To throw me in prison
Why didn’t you think I was pathetic?
In prison
You and Fù Jiā Hào
Told the warden to humiliate me
Why didn’t you think I was pathetic?
Every day after that
You helped Fù Jiā Hào scheme
To frame me
Why didn’t you think I was pathetic?
Jiǎng Sī Sī
You got what you deserved
Miss Qín, Miss Qín
I beg you to forgive me
I beg you to tell me
Where he is, please
Jiǎng Sī Sī
I’ll never tell you
Losing the one you love
Is my punishment for you
And you?
Live with this jewelry
For the rest of your life
Regretting day and night
In agony
Why back then
You didn’t cherish the one before you